Add best effort examples and remove client.config references (#197)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-Client: examples/SubscribeHelloWorldBestEffort/README.md

# SubscribeHelloWorldBestEffort example

This example will show how to receive data from the DDS World creating a client subscriber in best effort mode..
In order to compile this example, it is necessary to have the following profiles should be enabled:

- `UCLIENT_PROFILE_UDP`

## Usage
1. Run an agent in port *2018*.
2. Run the *PublisherHelloWorldBestEffort* example or some publisher that can send the *HelloWorld* topic.
3. Run the *SubscriberHelloWorldBestEffort* example.

>    The example can be parameterized with the number of topics that will be listened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The example expects first and second argument to be IP address and port where the Micro XRCE-DDS Agent is running. It can also be parameterized with the amount of times that the topic will be listened.
```

>    If no number is given, the publisher will publish indefinitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If no number is given, the subscriber will listen indefinitely.
```
